README.md, before:

# About

This a rework of Trade-Union-Analysis (repo featured on my github) on Union Density& labour strikes. The goal of this is to make the Trade-Union-Analysis code cleaner, cogent, and more precise.

This analysis uses `{targets}` to build a reproducible pipeline in R-Programming. The data is sourced from the Cornell University's Labor Action Tracker and is updated monthly. The pipeline is built in entirely in R and is reproducible by running the `targets_.R` file. Paths in `targets_.R` may need to be adjusted to your operating system preferences. Mac or windows user can have tableau installed locally and link it to the xlsx document output for to make to process more streamlined. Linux users will not be able install and run tableau instead should consider running `tiny11` on a virtual machine.

## Visual of Targets Pipeline

![image](https://github.com/VtheRtech/trade-union-behavior-2020s/assets/30744769/7efc4627-36e5-4891-bc16-5e6532ac5c9c)

[Link to tableau public Visualization](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/vcumbo/viz/unionworkbook/DMVYearlyNational2)
![image of tableau dashboard](<https://github.com/VtheRtech/trade-union-behavior-2020s/blob/main/paper/paper_files/DMV & Yearly National.png?raw=true>)

## How to use

Clone the repo

```[bash]
git clone https://github.com/VtheRtech/trade-union-behavior-2020s.git
```

CD into the git repo

```[bash]
cd ~/trade-union-behavior-2020s
```

Run nix inside repo.

```[bash]
nix-build

nix-shell
```

Hooks will run tar_make() building the pipeline and the data.

Commit message:

updated README.md to reflect addition of {here}

README.md, after:

# About

This a rework of Trade-Union-Analysis (repo featured on my github) on Union Density& labour strikes. The goal of this is to make the Trade-Union-Analysis code cleaner, cogent, precise, and reproducible.

This analysis uses `{targets}` & `{rix}` to build a reproducible pipeline in R-Programming. The data is sourced from the Cornell University's Labor Action Tracker and is updated monthly. The pipeline is built in entirely in R and is reproducible by running `tar_make()` in the `targets_.R` file. Paths do not not be adjusted per operating system thanks to the {here} package. Mac or windows user can have tableau installed locally and link it to the xlsx document output to make the process more streamlined. Linux users will not be able install and run tableau instead should consider running `tiny11` on a virtual machine.

## Visual of Targets Pipeline

![image](https://github.com/VtheRtech/trade-union-behavior-2020s/assets/30744769/7efc4627-36e5-4891-bc16-5e6532ac5c9c)

[Link to tableau public Visualization](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/vcumbo/viz/unionworkbook/DMVYearlyNational2)
![image of tableau dashboard](<https://github.com/VtheRtech/trade-union-behavior-2020s/blob/main/paper/paper_files/DMV & Yearly National.png?raw=true>)

## How to use

Clone the repo

```[bash]
git clone https://github.com/VtheRtech/trade-union-behavior-2020s.git
```

CD into the git repo

```[bash]
cd ~/trade-union-behavior-2020s
```

Run nix inside repo.

```[bash]
nix-build

nix-shell
```

Hooks will run tar_make() building the pipeline and the data.
